changelog for 0.72.0 release (#2673)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

## v0.72.0

This Splunk OpenTelemetry Collector release includes changes from the [opentelemetry-collector v0.72.0](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/releases/tag/v0.72.0) and the [opentelemetry-collector-contrib v0.72.0](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/releases/tag/v0.72.0) releases where appropriate.

### 💡 Enhancements 💡

> - Add discoverybundler, initial embedded bundle.d, and enabled properties (#2601)
> - Changes to the pulsarexporter configuration to prepare with using upstream (#2650)
> - Correct module names for directory locations in examples (#2665)
> - Build linux and windows amd64 agent bundles (#2649)
> - Third party dependency updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Added discoverybundler, initial embedded bundle.d and enabled properties for discovery mode](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2601)
- [Updated pulsarexporter configuration to prepare for using exporter from contrib](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2650) 
- [Corrected module names for directory locations in examples](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2665)
- Built linux and windows amd64 agent bundles (#2649)
- Third party dependency updates
```

> - Built linux and windows amd64 agent bundles (#2649)

Author: ```suggestion
- Built linux and windows amd64 agent bundles (https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2649)
```

## Unreleased

## v0.72.0

This Splunk OpenTelemetry Collector release includes changes from the [opentelemetry-collector v0.72.0](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/releases/tag/v0.72.0) and the [opentelemetry-collector-contrib v0.72.0](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/releases/tag/v0.72.0) releases where appropriate.

### 💡 Enhancements 💡
- Add discoverybundler, initial embedded bundle.d, and enabled properties (#2601)
- Changes to the pulsarexporter configuration to prepare with using upstream (#2650)
- Correct module names for directory locations in examples (#2665)
- Build linux and windows amd64 agent bundles (#2649)
- Third party dependency updates.

### 🧰 Bug fixes 🧰
- Add k8sattributes to components.md (#2636)

> - Remove the k8s_tagger from components list (#2638)

Reviewer 2: Do we need to count doc updates as bug fixes? I would suggest not to mention them in the changelog

Author: removed them
